Add ALPN handling (#12)
tfpauly/draft-happy-eyeballs-v3: draft-happy-eyeballs-v3.md

Connection Attempt Delay". The current recommended value is 2
seconds.

## Handling Application Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN)

The `alpn` and `no-default-alpn` SvcParamKeys in SVCB RRs indicate the
"SVCB ALPN set," which specifies the underlying transport protocols supported
by the associated service endpoint. When the client requests SVCB RRs, it

> SHOULD perform the procedure specified in Section 7.1.2 of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SHOULD perform the procedure specified in
```

> {{!SVCB=I-D.ietf-dnsop-svcb-https, Section 7.1.2}} to determine the underlying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{Section 7.1.2 of SVCB}} to determine the underlying
```

transport protocols that both the client and the service endpoint support. The
client SHOULD NOT attempt to make a connection to a service endpoint whose SVCB
ALPN set does not contain any protocols that the client supports. For example,
suppose the client is an HTTP client that only supports TCP-based versions such
as HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2, and it receives the following HTTPS RR:

> 
>     example.com. 60 IN HTTPS 1 . alpn="h3" no-default-alpn ipv6hints=2001:db8::2
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~
 example.com. 60 IN HTTPS 1 . alpn="h3" no-default-alpn ipv6hints=2001:db8::2
~~~
```

In this case, attempting a connection to 2001:db8::2 would not make sense

> because example.com only supports the UDP-based version of HTTP (HTTP/3).

Reviewer: I don't think this is quite the statement to make — it's not just the value in the hint, but _anything_ based on the name for that record, which in this case is example.com. Probably we should update the example to have a different name, and replace the `.` with `svc1.example.com`, and then say that the client shouldn't connect to any address for `svc1.example.com`.

Author: Updated the example. Does that make sense?

Reviewer: Yeah! Tweaked wording slightly

If the client is an HTTP client that supports both Alt-Svc {{?AltSvc=RFC7838}}
and SVCB (HTTPS) RRs, the client SHOULD ensure that connection attempts are
consistent with both the Alt-Svc parameters and the SVCB ALPN set, as specified

> in Section 9.3 of {{!SVCB=I-D.ietf-dnsop-svcb-https, Section 9.3}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in {{Section 9.3 of SVCB}}.
```

Connection Attempt Delay". The current recommended value is 2
seconds.

## Handling Application Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN)

The `alpn` and `no-default-alpn` SvcParamKeys in SVCB RRs indicate the
"SVCB ALPN set," which specifies the underlying transport protocols supported
by the associated service endpoint. When the client requests SVCB RRs, it
SHOULD perform the procedure specified in {{Section 7.1.2 of SVCB}} to determine
the underlying transport protocols that both the client and the service endpoint
support. The client SHOULD NOT attempt to make a connection to a service
endpoint whose SVCB ALPN set does not contain any protocols that the client
supports. For example, suppose the client is an HTTP client that only supports
TCP-based versions such as HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2, and it receives the following
HTTPS RR:

~~~
 example.com. 60 IN HTTPS 1 svc1.example.com. (
     alpn="h3" no-default-alpn ipv6hint=2001:db8::2 )
~~~

> In this case, attempting a connection to 2001:db8::2 and any address for
> svc1.example.com would not make sense because the RR indicates that
> svc1.example.com would only support the UDP-based version of HTTP (HTTP/3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, attempting a connection to 2001:db8::2 or any other address resolved
for `svc1.example.com` would be incorrect because the RR indicates that
`svc1.example.com` only supports HTTP/3, based on the ALPN value of "h3".
```
